This is Philip. He gave up a highpaying job in tech to start a garbage collection business. Last year, he lost $150,000. So, Philip has a wife and a kid and another baby on the way. And if he doesn't fix the business model fast, he'll put that growing family at risk. Hi, my name is Philip. I'm the owner of Garvey Disposal Services. We do residential trash, recycling, and yard waste collection. Our revenue is 642,000. Our net profit is -151,000. That's the wrong side. It is on the wrong side. All right. Our net margins are negative 23%. We've been in business for a little under two years and we currently serve 2500 customers. So what's the problem? We need to become profitable. We're not utilizing our assets enough. Trash is a very capitalally intensive business. Totally. One of our trucks is a half utilization. Routes are not super efficient. We've had lots of unexpected repairs. We need more leads. Scale up our doortodoor efforts. We need to scale up our meta ads efforts profitably though. Mhm. And we need more conversions on the HOA side and we need to increase our route efficiency. So, a lot of things we need to do. So many things. Why is solving this important? What happens if you don't solve this? I'm definitely in the thick of my rocky cut scene right now where um I left my highpaying job at Amazon as a software engineer to start this cuz I thought it was a great opportunity and I have been working 16 hours a day, 7 days a week for the past 2 years with really little to nothing actually negative to show for it. And I have a wife and a child at home and my wife is actually due in the next 6 weeks which props to me. So, I need to make sure that I'm able to provide for her and my daughter and uh the new baby, especially as you know, my wife won't be able to work. So, it's really crucial that we figure this thing out sooner rather than later. And I think we're really close because by my estimations, we 3,000 customers is going to be that critical mass point where we're going to start to make some money. Mhm. So, here's my promise to you, which I don't normally do. By the time you leave, you'll feel absolutely clear on what you need to do in order to be profitable. All right. So, I'll I'll stay as long as it takes to make sure that you're good. Okay. All right. Okay. All right. So, who do you help? Yeah. So, we have two types of avatars. 50% are what we call scatter. The other 50% are HOAs. And there's two different types of sales processes for these two types of customers. Yeah. What's the is there is there a difference in in like home value or income in the scatter versus HOAs? or HOAs t do they tend to be nicer than the other ones or we've had some HOAs that are lower income for sure and then we have some scatter customers that are much higher income that scatter group is is thinking about switching to be an HOA so typically it does correlate with income the HOAs are higher income in general right I think there's going to be a big strategic decision that we're going to have to make that you're probably not expecting and it's around it's around who the avatar is. So we'll talk more about that. The second thing is going to be how you acquire them. So how do you help them? Okay, so we have two different types of services for two different customers. So our scatter customers have once weekly trash, recycling, and yard waste collection. Most don't have an existing contract, so we can just get them set up and start service even next week, but typically the beginning of the month is what we do. Then our HOAs have two service options there. So they can either have once or twice weekly trash collection. Most of them opt for the twice weekly trash collection. Sure. Yeah. 80%. So they're on three or fiveyear contracts usually and so we wait for the end of those contracts for us to be able to bid. Do you reach out to find out when the end of their contracts are and then you just have put them in a calendar basically Excel spreadsheet. Yeah. Okay. Yep. Yep. So once those are up for bid then we start to uh then we just calculate the price and everything and then we often the low bid will win. Unfortunately, that's kind of the name of the game. That's what I want to talk to you about. Yeah. So, we'll get Okay, let me ask one more question about the the slide before, which is who do you help? So, of homes in your area, do you know what percentage of them are scatter versus kind of like contained within HOAs and like kind of off the basically off the board until they come up? In my service area, the there's a very large majority that are HOAs. Okay. Yeah, that is Do you have any idea what percentage? I don't know, but I can just see it on a map. Just if you guesstimate it for me, it's fine. Um 70%. 70. Okay. Okay. Are there a lot of other competing trash services on the scatter side? There's one big one that's really causing us to reduce a lot of our prices right now. Yeah, we're going to we're going to we'll we'll deal with that. Okay. Got it. Okay. Let's keep going. So, give me the the money stuff. How do you make money? So, for our scatter customers, we charge $29.67 a month, which is built quarterly at $89. And as an intro offer, we offer three months free. That's not all in one go. That's just on the third uh excuse me, second, third, and fourth invoice. Yeah. And for our HOA customers, it varies pretty widely. It really depends on, you know, the home type, whether it's a town home or a single family home. Single family home with a lot of families are going to produce a lot more trash and then we have to pay that at the landfill. Um, and so it also varies depending on the number of units as well as the proximity to our current route. Um, and they're actually all on a monthly billing schedule, but but the scatter ones are on a monthly billing schedule, too, right? No, they're built quarterly. Oh, quarterly. Excuse me. Got it. Got it. Got it. Okay. Yeah. You price you price monthly. I got your Yeah, exactly. Y Okay, cool. Okay. So, how do you get customers? We have four different channels through which we get customers. So, we have door todoor and I currently go and do right around 300 a week. I knock out 300 doors and my close rate is right around 26%. And we hired a What's your door open rate? Door open rate was I don't have that ready, which is rough. I believe it was around 30%. Is it really? Yeah. Dude, so you knock on 12 doors, you get a sale. Yeah. So chill. Yeah. You can just like You're like, "Hey, I got to get lunch." You're like, "Give me two seconds." Just like knock on 12 doors and you buy lunch. I'm not the best sales guy, but yeah. I mean, I can even sell. So, okay. Yeah. Okay. There's There's some things that we're going to do in the offer that think's going to help us out, but Okay. So, doortodoor, $50 commission per sale. That's what you're paying your current sales guy? Yes, exactly. And he recently started with us 3 weeks ago. Got it. And he's How many deals is he doing a day? So, he's been getting better and better, but right now he averages right around five. Five a day. I mean, it's not a bad It's not a bad gig. And he'll just keep getting better, right? Yes. Like yesterday he got seven. That's awesome. Yeah. That's good. That's really good. That's very exciting. Okay. Now you pay him 50 and he's collecting less than 50. No, he'll he's a a contractor, so he just gets all the 50. No, no, as in for what? He like he's collecting less than 50, but you pay him 50 for getting the sale. He collects the 89 for the first invoice. Okay. For the first three quarter or for the first three months. Yep. Okay. You said that it was you said it was month 2 3 4 is where they're getting their free month the quarter 2 3 4. So they get one month on quarter two, quarter 3 and quarter four. Okay, got it. Understood. Okay, that's fine. Okay, so let's walk let's walk through the so I understand the DDD. Do you have percentage breakdowns on these between which one's what in terms of how many are coming from door to door? How many are coming from paid ads? How many are coming coming from outreach? How many coming from referrals? No, I don't have those numbers. Rough estimate. Yeah. I mean, recently I'd say 50% have been coming from door to door because I've really been pounding the pavement quite literally. Yeah. Yeah. And then we leave cards there and stuff and then people sign up. Yeah. I did see your door hanger got 1.2%. Yeah. Super interesting. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Let's Okay. Well, we we'll keep going. Okay. So, paid ads, you're spending 600 a month. Yep. Yeah. We have meta ads. We run 600 a month. That gets us HOA and scatter customers, but they're marketing. We're we're targeting scatter customers and we also do cold outreach. So cold email I exhaust that list pretty quickly. And then I also have started doing in the past uh 6 months uh handwritten letters to members. Yep. 100%. And then we also have referrals for our scatter customers and the for each referral they get one free month of service. So I'll just say this right now. If you have call it 500 HOAs which represent 70% of the market is not a cold email play. So that's where it's the handwritten card personal gift drive up. It's like you have 365 days. It's like go to two a day. You know what I mean? And obviously you're going to have the ones that are due, you know, with their own whatever the renewal is. And so even if they're on threeear cycles, 500 divided by three, so it's 15. you go to one every other day where you decide to do one day a week where you visit seven and it's like you are 100% up to date if you just did that. Yeah, I think there's some there's there's opportunity there. Okay. So, and then referrals. Yeah, referrals for our scatter customers when they refer their neighbor successfully, they get one free month of service. Okay. We also fasttrack them after they get 10 referrals and we just give them a for a year at that point. Cool. Does that get a lot of people? Not as many as I'd like. I I don't think I've been good enough about nurturing referrals, but I have I have ideas. So, how many do you help? What's your sales velocity per month? Okay. Yeah. So, we get total average leads is 217 per month. We close about 72 of them. That's good. Which is a 33% close rate. And is that when you see leads there, is that from Meta primarily? A lot of them are organic, so they'll see our cans and then Oh, Yeah. And do you have like QR codes and things on the cans? No, we don't. Interesting. That's interesting. Well, yeah, I'll write that down. Yeah, but yeah, they'll see our cans throughout their neighborhood and be like, "Everyone's switching to your service, so I might as well switch, too." Yeah. And they Yeah, that's They just call in. And so our average month for HOAs is usually two leads. And you provide the bins? We do. Yeah. Do you have a specific color or do they have to be a certain color? Yeah, I think it helps with our branding. No, so they do have to be a certain color. So they can provide their own if they want. Most people just want our bins. Okay. Okay. And so we provide we provide a trash and recycling container. All right. I have so many ideas. Average per month you get two HOA leads. You close half your HOA leads. That's great. And those are somewhat inbound. Or is that from the outbound efforts you're doing? Yeah, those we'll we'll start with the outbound and then we often times they'll reach a property manager. Yeah. Or community manager rather. And then they'll say, "Hey, not interested right now." And then they'll reach out later. Got it. Okay. Heard. So you've got a thousand scatter, 13 HOAs, 2500 doors. Okay, let me give me all the other numbers unless you think there's anything that's important here. HOA customers more likely to convert in spring and summer. Okay, just that our churn is super low. Um, but I think that that might change if we increase prices. Um, because we haven't been as aggressive for increasing recently. Yeah, I got you. Yeah. Okay. Yeah, cuz I do have I have a bunch of questions on gross margin, lifetime gross profit insurance. Yep. Yeah. So, our our revenue is 642,000 as I mentioned earlier, 151, gross margin 8%. Um, net margin -23. So, how's your The gross margin seems off. Yeah. So, how is that how is it 8%. Cuz it can't c like if you're charging $29 a month, it's not costing you $26 per month for each incremental ad. So, that was this past year. And this past year was rough with repairs. Yeah. The $100,000 repairs. Yeah. Just for one truck. Like, that's not even all the trucks. Like, it was pretty excessive. Brutal. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. So, blended CAC of $67 with a blended LTV of $1,300. And is LTV like like lifetime revenue or gross margin? Gross margin. Okay. Okay. That feels better. What's annual retention or monthly churn? Either way, uh it's at point4%. Nice. Nice. Sick. That's really good. Okay. So, and then you've got marketing at $1,000 a month. Is that you that includes doortodoor? Yes. Marketing with door to door. That's actually we since we just started that guy that's going to be increasing be way more obviously if he's closing seven that's three you know that's 350 right there. Okay. Exactly. What else you got? So our numbers by customer type. So 50/50 for our revenue. So 300,000 for our HOAs. And then um we have a CAC of $1,200 with an LTV of 23,000 and an LTV CAC of 18 to1. And our gross margins on this are 23%. And we have a total of 13 of these customers. And the reason the gross margins are off there compared to what was last year is because I'm going based on, you know, backing out some of those costs that we had that are oneoff one-off costs. And then for the scatter, we have 300,000 in revenue and a CAC of $51 and LTV of a,000. 21 to1 uh LTV to CAC and a gross margin of 26 to 40%. And the reason I did that range there is because right now it's at 26. But once we get efficiency, it's we're very easily going to get to 40. Yeah. Yeah. You can also raise prices a couple dollars. It's like, oh, look, we go 10%, we add three bucks. That's true. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Let me see the ads. So, we have a total ad spend of 7,500 with a cost per click of $212 and total clicks of 3500 with total sales of 153 and a CAC of 51 uh 63 with an LTV of a,000 just like the other ones and then LTV to CAC of 20 to1. What stops you from just spending 70,000? A lot of it is our our cost per lead goes like crazy crazy high because it's such a small area we're marketing towards. I'll tell you why, but okay. when I was doing it. I could be doing it wrong. Um, but it was just it was you're doing a lot of stuff right. I feel like I'm doing everything wrong. No, you're good. You're good. We'll get there. Okay. So, meds, I got this. These numbers are good, though. I get You're saying that it skyrockets after a certain point. We'll deal with that. Do you have any other metrics or creative to show? I have the cold outreach. It's kind of skewed a little bit because it's so low for our our cost per lead because it's all public data. Um, but this is for email as well as uh the direct mail. You're just not valuing your time because you're the one doing it. Yeah. Yeah. That's right. Okay. Yep. So, yeah. I mean, $12,000 if you have 700 to one. Yeah. Let's do more than that. Yeah. It only cost you $174 to make, you know, $12,000. Really? And you got nine more HOAs in the pipeline. We do. Yeah. I'm a lot of them seem very interested. If you close half, what happens to the business? The business grows substantially. Yeah. Okay. That sounds chill. That sounds pretty good. Okay. You know, so what's really interesting about your business is that we have two key decisions that we have to make. Decision number one is what avatar we're going to focus on. Decision two is what channel we're going to focus on to get them. I think the direction we go in will depend on you, but you might be surprised by which way we go. Okay. If you had to wave a magic wand, what thing is giving you the most heartburn right now? Not being able to obviously money. Yeah. But what's the what's the indicator prior to that? Like is it like if people paid you $200 upfront that would change the economics of the business dramatically? Like is it simply just not getting leads? Like I'm like that's I just want to understand that part. Yeah. It's more about offsetting some of the upfront costs. This is what I want to solve for which is I would like to have the most scalable acquisition channel we can that can get cuz also you you're like if you spend $7,000 even in a local area, you're not even getting close to tapping. How big's the the market overall? Like on a you know 10 20 mile radius? Yeah, it's pretty big. A few million people. Yeah. Right. I mean like you're not even close. So like I would love to see spend at like 7 $10,000 a month on the Facebook side and then probably another 5 or 10,000 a month on PBC which will have super high intent. I'll have different metrics around it but we'll get there. For us to solve the problem for good. We just need cash in the first 30 days to be greater than your cost of goods sold and CAC fully loaded, right? So, do you know what that number is? Like what's So, let's ignore CAC for a second. I guess we have 50. We can use that as a placeholder or 67. We want to be bullish or bearish. So, $67 CAC. And then what's it cost to kind of like onboard someone and kind of like get them going? I do that all myself. So I don't I mean if you paid someone and you and the bin was you had like fully fully bake it in cuz we want to scale past you, right? Yeah. So to deliver all the containers for you know let's say like 200 customers it' be about $500 to pay someone. So that's two $2 like50 per customer. Yep. So that's not big. So when I'm say so you get where I'm going with this where it's like okay if it cost us $70 if we made more than 70 on the first transaction which you do what's what's something like what's stopping is just that like you can't get more leads and then it just and then it because you're at 20 to1. Yeah. Right. And you're at least more than one to one on the front end. So like why like why not is it just you just can't as soon as you spend more just goes to zero like So yeah the issue is is that we have fulfillment those months after that we still have to cover. So like they pay for the quarter in the first month and then we have to pay for fulfillment in months two and three. Uhhuh. Which is completely it costs roughly like if we get them all give me that number that would be for the fully that's what I'm saying cost of goods. So give me the fully loaded before you get the next payment. Got it. Yes. Okay. So, um, for each customer on the existing round, it's $14 or per pickup per month, right? So, it's $14 and you're going to pick it up three times. We have three pickups per week. Yep. Wait, hold on. It's 14. It's 14 hours per month, right? Yes. Okay. 14 hours per month and they're paying quarterly. Yes. So, it's times three, right? So, it's 42 bucks in costs for the first month of delivery. When I say delivery, I mean like fulfillment, right? And your CAC is, we'll call it $70, right? So, if we get upfront cash over call it 120 bucks, you could be good to go, right? Well, then let's solve for that. Yeah. Okay. Pull it out of me. No, you're good. I mean, That's why we're here. Okay, cool. Let's come over. Let's Let's break it up. Let's figure it out. What order do I want to do this in? I think we need So, I think what we're going to do is I think we're going to go avatar. I want to get clear on this because I think that's super important. Two is I actually think we're going to go offer next. We have to figure out like how we're going to, you know, do it, uh, you know, facilitate the transaction. And then once we know that, then we can do acquisition channel. And then I think we can go ads and then we're going to go sales process. We'll do some funnel funnelytics. I think that's it. I think that's what we need to do. Okay. You're at that in that stage where like I like having one avatar, one channel, one product up to a million dollars or more, right? And you're kind of you're right there, right? And so you have two avatars and like five channels pretty much, right? Yeah. And so you feel spread thin. This is me just hearing you out. And so what I want to solve for is we have to make this decision between HOA and scatter. So if you could just do one, which one would you do? I think HOA is a better opportunity. Okay. I'll tell you I'll tell you why I don't like either of them. Okay. and then I'll tell you why I like both. Okay? All right. So, the reason that I don't like HOA is I never want to have a commoditized service where I get into an auction because then it's always just going to be raced to the bottom. Now, the reality is that that's not going to change. And so, it's like what business are you really in, right? And so, the business that I think you're really in is the efficiency business. So fundamentally like if you if if 70% of the market is owned by HOAs and they continue to gobble more and more you know more of these houses continue to glob together then it's kind of an in uh eventuality right that happens. So figuring out the HOA offer I think makes sense from a future proofing perspective, but the strategy of the business has to be geared towards efficiency because it's the only way you're going to beat the other players because I agree. I think they're going to commoditize you and I think they're going to make it lowest lowest bid fundamentally. The reason that I like scatter in the short term is that you can price more aggressively. You can higher gross margins. You can outmarket, you know, your competition. There's still a decent amount of market share that's there, but and acquiring them is super easy. If you just knock on 12 doors and get a sale, it's like, all right, well, how many doors do you need to knock on? That's true. It's like very straightforward. Because like taking it to the hypothetical extreme, it's like, okay, what stops me from running an ad, getting 10 guys, getting them into a room, taking a day to have them, you know, to train to train them, and then all of a sudden I've got 10 guys doing five or five to seven sales a day, all on contract with no risk. That sounds relatively appealing. And the nice thing with doortodoor is that they already naturally have a route, right, which you already know. And so it it makes it even more efficient for the business right on the back end. So that's what I like about scatter, but I do think that there's, you know, long long term there's there's probably some downside risk or sorry. Yeah, there's some risk. The HOA I just feel like you're going to continue to get squeezed. Yeah, that's the only So you're like, okay, well then which one should I do? You mind if I add something? Yeah, go for it. I think that the thing with scatter that's even better, too. And the reason I said HOA was not really because of Oh, you're good. Like the I like I like HOAs because I think that the competitor that we have right now that's really aggressive is really going hard scatter and no HOAs. So like it and then a competitor that only does HOAs, we recently acquired so people are unhappy with them. So then it kind of opens it up for me. But the thing I love about scatter is what you said about pricing and then also the fact that it's only once weekly collection. So we increase throughput for each truck. Mhm. So that's the thing I like about it. But in terms of you know me being one I guess I'm just thinking about it in a limited sense where I'm I'm like I'm only one guy. How many doors can I knock on a day? You know it's not going to be human. Yeah. Exactly. Yeah. So we just I mean let's think of it this way. You said when you get to 3,000 doors is when you're like super profitable, right? like it becomes more profitable. Yeah, we have. And if we get to $5,000, then you're like, we're good. You're Yeah, you're good. Well, I mean, in my mind, I like to think like if I had to take this to its natural extreme, and I only had have one thing be true, cuz I like I like to like make a plan on like the fewest need to believe is possible. Like every single new assumption that we introduce like dramatically decreases the likelihood that it occurs. If I said, "All right, do you think it's humanly possible to get 10 people to work on commission to knock these doors and get to let's say conservatively five a day right now? This guy's going to keep getting better. He's three weeks and he's already doing seven. Fine." But like, let's just say they stick to five a day. Y that's 50 sales a day. It's 1,500 a month. You're looking at $20,000 by the end of the year. That's right. And so to me it's like okay well that overshoots our goal by like you know 8x. So there's all these things that you're doing but if it was like if only that one thing were true then what are the other need to believe that are associated with that which is that you can find the houses to do these door knocking on. Do you have the ability to do that? Yeah. Okay. So knowing where to go is not a problem. Yeah. And so basically your ability to solve two things. one is the cash to pay the salespeople that they collect as much as you owe them and that you can cover the cost of the first, you know, the $42 that we went over earlier. And so, like, if the only thing you did was like you went home and you were like, I'm going to go find 10 dudes and they will be commission only and I will just rejig the offer so that I can get $42 plus what I have to pay them upfront. We don't have to talk about anything else. Yeah. Let's do it. I mean, like I can go through like I can look at the ads and I can tell you what I think like could be better. I can tell you why the the which you know, we can go through some of those things, but fundamentally like I just want to be like here's the ramrod. Like if only this were true, then what stops me from doing that? Not a ton, which is just the offer and getting the sales guys on. Yeah. And then after that's done, it's like that's it. Yeah. And then we just and then we just jam it and then you just don't let yourself get distracted, right? I will give you my my blessing on if you get an inbound HOA, you can close them. But I still would be like this is our growth strategy. I mean, like, yeah, sure, except for money provided it doesn't there's it's super operationally efficient. It does take some of your time. Fine. You're the owner. You can close big deals. But by and large, I think that's the play. Okay. All right. Great. So, I think we go scatter. [Music] Great. That was decision number one. Yep. Now, acquisition channel, you already have 50% coming from door to door. So, that gives us that one. Right. So, I'm going to hit the sales process in a second, but I think we need to go on offer because this is kind of the big the big unlock of this business. All right. So, we have to get You said you're going to pay them 50, right? Yes. Okay. So, here's how I would restructure this. I would say we have to get $42 no matter what. Period. Because that's what it costs. That's hard cost, right? So, this is base. Then got to get the sales guy paid. So, I'm just going to put commission here, which we can fill in in a second. So, we kind of backfill that. Okay. We have to get a commission and we have to get the contract, right? So, what I want to do is find something. So, do you give them all a new bin or can they get like a do they get like somebody else's bin or like how does that work? We recycle the bin. So if someone like the three people who canled then we'll but for the most part they're new bands. They're new bands. Yeah. Okay. And we'll finance them over 3 years. Before I bought them with cash, but then I'm like, "Okay, maybe we should probably move on to more cash." You wait, you used to pay for them in cash. You finance them. Now I'm financing. Yeah. And do the customer is that $14 per month including included? Yes. Yes. How much does it cost for a bit for the set including freight? It's 116. All right. So, it's 116. Okay. Now, so this is Ben. What else can you sell up front? Bulk pickup maybe. Um, but the only How many What percentage customers like opt for that? That's also seasonal and that's So, no, that's not the offer. Okay. What else? So, I'll tell you I had this idea. So, we talked about the QR code earlier. Mhm. So, what I was thinking about doing was like you put the just the ugliest massive QR code on there and you just say, "Hey, if you want to not have this big QR code on there, it's it's an extra five bucks a month." Or if you're cool with it and you're still like cool with us advertising the business, you allow us to leave it on. Okay. And I think a lot of people don't give a Yeah. Right. And so all we're going to do though is just tack that on to your existing pricing. So you're So if they say, "I don't want the QR code," then they're going to pay $5 more than your existing price. So they're we bake in a little price increase there. So we get $5 for the QR code. So go buy stickers. They're like not expensive. And just put this massive QR code and put your phone number and put your like you've got this you've got this billboard that's just sitting out there. What color are the bins? Gray. Man, I totally want them to be neon orange. I'm dead serious. I I would want everyone to be like, "Jesus, what is this company?" But they would notice it, right? I mean, that's what you're trying to You're trying to know. Yeah. You said, "Wait, didn't you say you wanted the branding? You wanted to be on brand with the gray." Yeah. People, we're like clean and stuff. You think gray's clean? It looks You should look at them. They look pretty clean. We have people calling in like, "I seen your clean." They're so gray. It's like the perfect gray. It's like a light gray. 50 shades. Anyways, um Okay. Okay. This is this is the this is how we break this is how we solve the business, right? So like let's take the time on this. The other stuff is really easy. I'll show you some easy like I don't like I can get into ads. I can get into the funnel. Like if we just do this, we win. Yeah. Okay. So you don't charge them anything for the bid, right? As far as they're concerned, we do have a separate process through our website. So, we at the door we have that offer that I mentioned, but then when they go to our website, enter in their address and everything and they're qualified. They do get charged a $37 initiation fee and then they get charged 35 a month. Mhm. So, we have a little higher price point if they don't take advantage of that, but most people do the door to door. And so, this 42 is labor, right? Yes. Labor plus truck breaking. Yeah. And dump fees. Okay. Yeah. Plus dump. Okay. Got it. I think our key is actually how we structure this the bin. So it cost you 116. Is there a way that we could be like because what I want to do is you see where I'm going with this, right? Yep. Cuz like if we can get the first transaction to be like 199, you're covered, right? Because you've got like So if we add this together, we've got 158. So 158 is the true like cost cost, right, of of getting this person set up. Then you have the commission which is 50. So 208 all in. If we got that, you're like, "Yeah, set." Yep. Right. Something I've been playing around with is maybe doing only doing the 3 months free if they pay annually upfront. Yeah, totally. And then like downell to the 89 a quarter with no months free. Mhm. I like that. Yep. I like that because even the rate is really attractive. But the I mean the only negative about that is sometimes they're like, "Yeah, sure. Let's do it." And then they opt out because their current provider matched it, but then the 3 months free usually is what puts them over the edge because the current provider will not offer the three months free. But out of those that do that, I would say it's only maybe one and eight would really Oh. Would um would like after we like, "Okay, it's 89 a quarter." And they're like, "Yeah, actually my current provider matched it." So it's like one in eight people. Most people are just like, "Here, just take the business." Yeah. Yes. Yeah. So, if we get if we get the the deal on seven out of eight, who cares, right? Great point. Yeah. So, if we go what I'm trying to play with is so we've got the what what levers do we have? Right. So, levers we have this little QR code like we're going to make your thing look ugly. That's thing one. Thing two is we have the bin. Thing two, we have thing three is we have the commitment. Right. Right. These are this is like what we're these are our puzzle pieces. Okay. But I want to collect 200. That's what I'm trying to do. Mhm. Okay. So, a quarter is 89, right? Yes. Is there any reason? Do you think anyone's going to bulk at 99? 89 to 99. A lot of people are paying 105, so it may not get them over the edge. You mean it's not enough savings? Yeah. I hate being low low cost. Okay. But I think that there's still some people who would definitely convert cuz like there's some people I talked to who are being charged like 180 a quarter. Yeah. It just all varies, you know, depending on if you if you call them to say, "Hey, lower my rate." So 80. So okay, so we got 9090 is 180, right? In terms of cash, right? There's going to be some setup fee, right? Which we could say we have a 42 and we also have set up fee, right? So it's another little little thing. We're just we're constructing an offer right now. That's literally what we're doing. Okay. Um cuz you could do 3 months free and it's 33 per month, right? You could still do three months free. Yeah, that works fine. Oh, here we go. So, we can basically have the QR code be our $5 extra a month and you're at 29. So, that gets you to 35. Okay. Right. Or you can make it Yeah, that's fine. So, that gets us to $35 per month, right? And so if we did time six, then that's going to be two is that that's 30 + 180. So 210. All right. So it's going to be 210 in cash. And if you commit to six, and you normally just eat this, right? Yeah. So, if you commit to six, we'll give you our $116 bin for free and we'll wave our $49 setup. So, can you talk a little bit more about these these numbers right here? Yeah. So, this Yeah. So, $35 a month is the the price, right? Yeah. But what we're trying to do is get them to prepay for six months. Okay. So, that's the main offer is you prepay for six and then that gets you a free bid and we wave the setup fee. Okay? If you don't prepay for six, you can prepay for three and we'll give you actually maybe we'll just do this. We'll do this. We'll do 12 and we'll step down to six and then we'll step down to three, which is your current offer. Okay? So, 12 months gets you cuz what we're looking for here is blended average cash per door. So if you have some people who pay 420 and even if it's like one out of whatever one out of five pays 420 we're still effectively adding 80 bucks per door in cash collected. Okay. So even if the vast majority of people if everybody took or if four out of five took the your current offer and then one out of five takes the 400 it's like we're still adding 80 with the existing whatever 89ers that that you're getting right now. So now our actual blended average is close to like 170 a door. Okay. Does that make sense? Yeah. Yeah. Okay. So I think we go times this. Now if they're like I don't want the QR code, then we're like fine. We'll drop it to 30, right? If they don't want this and times 12. So that's 360 and we get that up front which is going to have lower return anyways. If they say no, I don't want to do that, then we say because with that you get free bin and free wave or like free free setup, right? If they say no, I'll just do six, which would then get us the two whatever the $200ish price point. We can get to we can finalize the price is in a second, but you get your $200ish price. Um, and when you do that, we can't wave the bin. We can wave the setup fee, but we're going to add we're just we'll finance this over the duration. So, that's where you can get the difference in terms of the like it's $35 a month if you do 6 months, it's $30 a month if you do 12 months. Um, and if you're doing just monthtomonth, if you sign up today, I'll let you wave this fee, but you still got to pay three. Okay. How does that feel? Complicated. Yeah. Well, no, no, it's complicated cuz we had to go through everything. But let me let me let's clean it up. Okay. You got to be able to explain it to the sales guys. Yeah. So, the offer at the door is going to be 12 months. And what price are we going to charge at 12 months? For 12 months being 30 up front. Up front. So we're going to do 30. So that's going to be $360. Yep. If they commit to 6 months, that's going to be at 35. Okay. So that's 210. And I would say we build by bill twice a year. Mhm. and then three months. Do you do a We just incorporated that actually. Yeah. Okay. Do you have a processing fee? Yeah. So, we Stripe, so it's um No, but like do you you don't charge a processing fee? No. But we like I've gotten a bunch of people to switch over. I like offer them a gift card, like a small gift card to switch over to a but then we don't do a Well, I'll tell you really a fancy one. So, say that you charge the 3%. So, this is all these are plus processing. And then if they're like, "Oh, I don't want to pay the processing fee." It's no worries. If you want if you have a second form of of payment, we'll wave the processing fee. It's just because we have the processing fee just cuz if the card declines, we it just takes us work to go redeem it and then you get your service interrupted and you have trash sitting around. So, it's honestly in everyone's best favor. It's like honestly, no one ends up paying it. They just give us two forms. Oh, thanks. the um so I did actually do that and when I got the uh the prices book that you gave at the workshop and so I kind of messed it up. I did like two things. I did like an annual fee and then and then I also mentioned oh yeah we're also doing a credit card fee which is really I was just too much too many things. Yeah. Yeah. But I did that and just I was looking into how to add the processing fee and like you have to like go to Mastercard and Visa and all that stuff and is that true or like they're they were saying like you have to legally go to these companies. Oh, I I I don't I think you can just charge 50% more. Oh, we can just do Okay. Okay. And just say this is our fee. Okay. You can charge whatever fees you want. Check with your legal counsel. Okay. Great. Uh and then three right now we'll keep it at um we'll keep it at the 3month rate which is going to be 35 right which is 10 what is that 30 105 right but we'll still wave the $49 fee okay this one wave is waves bin and fee I think right that we Yes. So this gets the discount. So this gets you the discount and the bin and the fee. So it's like what like how why is it? So it's like the effective rate here is a 30 35 and then here it's also 35 but bin. How are we going to how are we going to do the bin? How are we going to work that in? We're close. This is honestly the most important thing of today. Like we nail this. You go all in on door to door. We can get there by the end of the year and you're set. So I just want to like make sure we nail this. What else do you think is so with the bin? Are you saying that they pay the full 116 up front? I would love that. Okay. But like for this one, I guess because this is not waved with this with this offer. Well, what if So, if you didn't have the bin, right? What would their actual rate be? So, what do you charge people who don't who provide their own? Yeah, the bin is like a few if you I mean depreciating it over its use. No, not the depreciation. Okay. I mean like Well, what Okay, fine. You you depreciate over what? Three years. Is that what it is? They have a 10-year warranty on them. So, so 10 years is we depreciate over. So, you paid it's like a dollar a month or something like that. A few cents. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. How is it a few cents? Yeah. Cuz over like Well, 116 months. So, am I doing that wrong? Yeah. It be it'd be it'd be dollars. Yeah. Maybe doing that wrong. Well, 12 months time 10 is 120. It's $116 bet. So, it's 90 whatever cents per per month. Okay. So, it's a dollar. It's a buck. They don't know that you do that though. No. So, that's the thing. So, like that's like that's that's one-sided information. Don't worry, we'll cut most of this thinking time out to figure it out. No, but I want to I I think the magic is in this bit. I actually think that that's I think that's where the real leverages. Okay. It is something I've been wrestling with cuz initially when we were doing it and we didn't have the competitor, we were like charging 99 for like and they were like, "Okay, fine." But then some people bulk at it and I'd be like, "Okay, fine. We'll wave it." But most people would pay for it. Um, but now that it's really competitive, they're just like, I'm gonna go to this other guy who's giving me three months free, 89, and I just have to pay for the quarter. So, yeah. So, it's become a little bit more challenging in that sense. Doesn't mean we can't do it. Yeah. But that had that has been something I' I've done in the past. Um, I think most people were I kind of played with 99 and then I went down to 50 and most people were like they didn't really care about 50 as much. But then like when I did cuz I like So I like I mean you're currently charging nothing. Yeah. So, if we said, "Okay, up front we have a $49 bin fee, right?" Yeah. You can buy the bin for 49 bucks. We know that it doesn't matter, right? We're just adding adding money. So, might they'd be like, "It feels reasonable, right? $49 bucks for the bin and it's $49 initiation. I don't know. I'm just coming up with this. Okay. It's $49 initiation." And then you have your first quarter, which is, let's just use your old pricing. Mhm. 89. So that would get us to 190. We still have commissions. Yeah. But this bin isn't a real cost cuz it's going to cover towards $42 for the quarter that we're we're calling it the bin fee, but it's really covering our labor for the first quarter. Right. That's clever. Yeah. And our initiation is actually our commission. Mhm. Mhm. I gotcha. Yeah. And then our 89 is hopefully our margin. This feels okay. Do you think you can sell this? I think I think people will be really upset with the extra 49 the initiation. Yeah. I think they understand the bin. Well, why don't we do this? Yeah. Like we can either basically Would you think they'd be more comfortable paying 99 bucks for the bin and they own it? Yeah. It's your bin. You keep it forever. Yeah. Unless you cancel, of course, in which case we take it back. Yeah. Yeah. I mean, I think that I'm just like replaying anecdotal experiences and take your time. I'm just worried people would be like, "Yeah, it's that's a dealbreaker for me. like I I won't pay that for for the bid even if I own it. I just don't want to have to provide it. Yeah, but what percentage? You're right. I think it' only be like 25% or something. I just always remember the negative, right? Of course. Yeah, I get it. Yeah. The thing is is all the new sales guys coming in aren't going to know anything in terms of like what status quo is. So, you're like, "Here's the deal, guys. Like, you're going to get paid 50 bucks on each one of these." Mhm. And you got to you got to collect two things. You got to sell them Ben. They got to pay their first quarter. Mhm. That seems pretty straightforward. And we can wave the initiation fee. Yeah. And and we still do the three months free with this or no? Yeah, I think you can still do the three month the three months free. Okay. I don't hate that. And dude, just to clarify for myself. So the bin it's actually theirs now. So they're actually paying for it. Well, it's 116, right? Yeah. Yeah. So why not? Now if they if they cancel before their term, you take the bin back, right? Which gives you another piece of collateral. Yeah. Okay. So all and you lose 16 bucks on the bin. Who cares? But like Yeah. Exactly. So I think I think if you go you sell them the bid you have this um you have the first three months right first quarter and we're we're in good shape with that and this factors and then you have you give them one free month the next each of the next quarters. Yeah. And then that means that you're charging them what? 60 on Q2, Q3, Q4. Exactly. 59 and some change. Got it. And so how do we handle situations where they we're like, I'm not going to buy your bed. It's like you can provide your own. Okay. And so we just wouldn't accept them as a customer. Yeah. I mean, you can provide your own if you want. Yeah. Okay. You could, if you wanted to, say, "If you're not willing to do that, we'll finance it over three years, but we end up charging you 150." I like that. Yeah, I really like that. Because then it gives you a three-year term. Yep. Okay. And then with the three-ear term, budget in like, I don't know, add in like a I don't know, 4% price increase each year. Okay. I think that's it. Feels doable. Yeah. I still want to get this anchor though because we still want to cuz some houses are like fine, just build me once. I don't I don't think about this again. Exactly. Yeah. Yeah. And so it's like start at 360. It's like yes for the year. Okay. So we're getting close. We're going to do we're going to do a cleaner a cleaner next version of this. All right. So all right. I want to think through it real quick. So this is the core offer, right? We'll clean this up. But it's like 99 bucks for the bin, 89 for the first quarter. You still get your three months free. Mhm. Cool. That's fine. I still want to start higher because even if we get 20% of people to take, which we totally will. I'm telling you, we're going to that would be really big for the business because if we can get this on the core offer and then we can add 80 to the average door. Mhm. Then that takes this uh So this is 190. Add 80, we're at two We're 270, right? Average cash collected per sale. Mhm. You're good. Yeah. You're home free. Mhm. Sexy, right? It's way better than right now. Yeah. It's way better than right now. It is way better than right now. That's this that's that's facts. FA FA, you know, it's fashionable printer. Okay. Okay. Okay. So, here's here's where this gets sexy. I got it. Okay. So, all right. Okay. I think this is coming together. This is coming together. If someone If someone paid 360 up front, would you give them the the bin for free? I think I do that. Yeah. Okay. Boom. I think we're just going to have two offers. Okay. Keep it super simple. We're going to have 12 months and with 12 months they're going to be at $30, right? And they're going to pay $ 360 in total but free $99 bid. So they don't have they don't have to pay that, right? Great. And then the core offer is going to be three months at 30, but they have to pay for the $99 bin and 3 months upfront. Mhm. So all in they're looking at 180 190 whatever 189. So now look at that AB offer. Yeah. So would you rather pay 360 pay for the year? I'll give you the bin. It's on me. or 189, you just pay the first quarter, but you just got to pay the bid, right? Right. Yeah. I like that. Then we just got to hustle. Yeah. The nice thing is that this keeps it super simple. The billable is the same. All we're debating is who gets the free bin and who doesn't. You get the free bin when you commit for the year. Cuz listen, it costs me money to do this, but if you commit for that period of time, I'll throw it in. Right. Like it actually costs us 116. So like I'll be like we we actually lose a little bit of money on these bins. Okay. Yeah. But if you commit to us, we'll commit to you. Yeah. Exactly. And then our breakdown is let's say now let's look at the math. So let's say 80% take our 189 offer and then 20% take our 360 offer equals $72 and this equals surface says Michael Jamie Jamie the well it's 19.2 2 is 270 is $27 off this which is $162. So we add this together average per door and we need a 208. Yeah. And then you're home free. Doable. Yeah. I just I've never thought about it that way. You still get three. You still get three. Like the offers are banging. Yeah. It's like you get three. Like the offer is great because you're giving three months free either way. Yeah. So I would that way I think you've got this great feel, right? You say, "Listen, we're going to give you three months for free either, right? Just because you're switching to us. So we're happy to do that. But if you're willing to commit to a whole year, give you the BI, right? If you don't want that, no worries. We'll get you set up. Yeah. Yeah. What are you going to do? What are you going to do with all this money? Yeah. I don't know. All right. So, that's that's the that's the play. That's the play. Okay. And for for our folks at home, the reason that that was so important is that we needed to get above $28 because he had a $50 commission that he has to pay. And we knew we had $42 of labor and we know that he had these bins that he's been basically fronting the cost for for customers. Now, to be clear, as of right now, what was the other cost, though? There was nothing else. There's labor, there's commission, and there's something else. No, I think it was just the bins. Oh, so I'm just being greedy. That works. Okay. So, then we got Yeah. Yeah. Well, I like to have I like to grow businesses debt that free if I can. Me, too. Because I just think there's there's always a way if you just think about it hard enough. And so, the bench, which right now he's been financing over 10 years for $116. But when we add all these things together, we get to 208. And so in a perfectly debt-free cash flow positive way of growing the business, we have to get on average over $28 to to break even up front and have really high really strong cash flow for the business, which has been the biggest constraint for you. So getting above that is the objective. And so what we did was we solve for it by having an anchor on the top that we know 20% of people are going to take and that contributes an extra $72 a door where the core offer is going to be 190 which already solves this. Mhm. Cool. So that's for everyone back home. Okay. Now let's go back to our our handy dandy. Isn't this fun? It's a lot of fun. [Applause] Okay. So, we have our our new offer, our 360 for 12 or 12 at at 360. And then we have our 3189 money. And if you really get wild with that and you're like, you know what, I don't need all the extra cash flow, you can pay the guys 100 bucks a day. 100 bucks a deal. Mhm. And they'll be willing to sell more. If you're like, you know what, I don't need all the C. Like, I'd rather just get more aggressive on the spend. You can get way better guys if the guys can make I'll tell you the difference in salesman that you can get at $500 a day, $15,000 a month, almost $200,000 a year, like a different an order of magnitude better saleserson. And the thing is those guys might be doing like and that order of magnitude better salesperson might do 10 deals a day. Yeah. Because the guys who really do door to door, they run between doors. Really? Okay. 100%. Okay. Because they know it's a numbers game. Yeah. They're like for every 12 doors I knock on, I'm going to get a sale. So if I run, I mean, that's why the UPS guys, like the guys who who are who are commissioned and are really understand the game, they sprint back and forth. Mhm. Because you can cover four times the doors just by walking fast. They cut across the lawn. They don't go on the on the sidewalk like they're moving. Mhm. Okay. So, we're going scatter. We're going door to door is our channel. We have our offer, our 12, our AB offer, which is great. The extra guys get the bin. Awesome. And now we don't even have to have a financing partner. Yeah. And if you want you can and just collect the cash, right? The the next thing is let's talk about sales process on how we're going to teach these guys. Okay. Okay. How do you teach your guys right now? And what's the sales process? Pretty relaxed. I mean, he's the first guy I've done. So, I just I just take them door to door, show them how I do it, and I generally tell them right next to you. Pardon me? He's right next to you. Yes. Exactly. Okay. Yeah. And then I'll do that for a few times. Show them how it works. show him how to get a few sales and then I watch him do it and let him just kind of go at it and then chime in if I need to and then eventually just kind of like give him critiques wherever I see. How many doors can you knock a day? I think I think easy like uh 150. Okay. If you're out there for 8 hours. Yeah. Yeah. So 150 doors. If he's closing I mean if he if he gets to what you're doing one out of 12. Yeah. Right. Then he's closing more than 10 deals a day. Mhm. Which is chill even at 50. That's what I hear on average like conservatively you can get 10 but most guys get 15. Yeah. Yeah. So the nice thing with your business is that you're going to be in person with them. And so you you there's basically two primary ways that people learn. One is modeling and the other is basically doing it. So children learn through modeling. They watch you do something and then they learn it. Right? Alternatively you take it up a notch when you give feedback. And so doing role plays like in very real time with them is going to be the fastest way to speed up the loop. Okay. So it's literally just like have the door at your facility or whatever. Like I mean you want to you really want to get them in the like in the mechanics of I say this as the door opens. It'll it will teach them like don't just stand next to them like close the door, open the door, close the door, open the door, close the door, open the door until they just nail it every time cuz you know the first 5 seconds of them opening the door is like that's the only shot you really have and they're making their split-second decision. And so it's like you have to drill the opener super hard so they can just say it in their sleep and they say it the right way every time. But they should absolutely be following a script. And for this type of sale, this script should I mean how long does it take you to do a sale for these? 2 minutes. Yeah. Right. So they're not super hard sales. And so the sales script is going to be like four questions. It's not a lot. Yeah. Right. And so it's just like cool, here's our door, here's our knock, here's our open, and then question one, question two, close question overcomes. Like that's it. And so I just drill. Honestly, the drilling the three or four questions is not going to be tough. Then you're just going to do traditional sales training where you're just going to be like, I have to think about it. I'm not sure. I have to check with my spouse. Like, oh, I don't have the the card that I want on me. Yeah. And when you're when you're collecting, do you have a lot of people? Do you have any people who are like, "I don't have the card that I want to use on me." So, we actually don't collect money at the door. Why? We have a contract that we signed. Okay. I heard that it was uh I don't know. I just heard that it was you have to have certain permits to collect money at the door. So, then I don't have that permit yet. But they put a credit card number down, right? No. What? And we're still get but people are still what% what percentage of people who sign contracts don't end up giving you the card. Uh none of them really they if we haven't I mean we haven't done the volume we're talking about right now. So I'm sure there would be a ton of people. Okay. So you then call them back later? I send them an invoice and then if they don't complete it I'll follow up and and everyone pays. Yeah. What are we doing? like we should be selling we should be selling trash. What are we doing? Well, they need it. Yeah. I mean, yeah. Well, if it's not a constraint, then I'm not going to mess with it. But I do think you probably tighten the sales process in terms of the training. That's absurd. Uh what you just said. I I don't know in terms of compliance for that. So, check with an attorney. But I'm I'm pretty sure you can just ask someone to buy something. Okay. I'm like pretty like feel pretty confident in saying that. But but but you know, it hasn't been an issue. And so if you really do collect 100%, it's certainly a less friction, a lower friction sale, but a contract without a payment clause means nothing. So yeah, the fact that you're getting it is great. The fact that you're getting is great. Okay, let's pull up the ads in the funnel real quick. Okay, so yeah, just go just go funnel. Sorry, ads. Sorry. Okay, so I think I think this is fine. I read the copy. I think it it it checks the boxes in terms of a normal offer. Uh the video ad that I saw that was your best performer was unsurprising to me that it was the best performer. Bottom link. There you go. If you're a homeowner in Centerville, Chantelli, Clifton, or Fairfax, and you want to save hundreds on your trash collection this year, this is for you. My name is Philip and I'm the owner of Garpy Disposal Services. We're a local familyowned and operated business in the Centerville area and we're here to help take care of your trash. So, if you're tired of things like increasing bills every year, crazy prices, unreliable pickups, then we might be the ones for you to help give you some more consistency, ease of mind, and stress-free trash collection. If that sounds good to you, click the link down below so we can give you a quote for trash collection in your area so you can start saving money and stop worrying about your trash collection. It's so cringe. No, it's your highest performing. Yeah, the thing is it seemed authentic. That's right. And it also hit the the core pieces is like this is for so and so. I do think you introduce yourself first rather than talking about them. But okay, like you can you can I would probably make it offer driven first pain pain pain of like hey what you said at the end like hey if you're tired of XY andZ blah blah blah I'm so and so okay because it's like leading more with the things that they're interested in. And so basically I would just flip the script on that and then I would record 10 different versions of that with you in different shirts in different backgrounds with the truck with a bin behind you with a neighbor behind you. Like I would just do as many variations of that. If I was going to do paid ads, but we're not going to do that because we're doing doortodoor. So you just cut it off completely. I just don't think you need it. I think all of your attention should go to I need to get 10 guys that are commission only that are going to sell this offer and just only focus on that. Yeah, that's it. I mean like if we only have one thing to be true in order for this business to be profitable, then let's just pick that and then just put all of our effort on that one thing. I mean fundamentally it's the idea of leverage. Yeah. is like find the one thing that gives you the greatest output. It also has no risk on cash flow for you cuz they're commission only. Yeah. [Music] The perfect solution doesn't ex except when it does. That was it. AV offer 12 month 3-month 20% take the 12 80% take the main. We're cash flow positive on both. You don't even need to go into debt for the the bins. You get 10 guys closing five deals a day. It's 50 deals a day. Yeah. That's it. Yeah. And then and it's way way easier to close in than solar. You can probably get some of those guys. They're just tired. It's like, dude, you're like, it's it's such a such a better life to to just know you're going to close deals every day rather than be like knocking doors for 5 days and closing one or two. Yeah. Like it's a much more, you know, energizing way to live. Yeah. No, for sure. I think my next constraint would be then getting the sales guys, right? Let's talk about that. Yeah. So right now, so I would say if like you can handle more volume, right? Do you don't have to really change anything about your infrastructure to handle the volume that you would be getting from these sales guys? I think after a certain point, we would need to get another truck. We'll deal with that. Yeah. Yeah. So to get to your 3,000 whatever it was number, how much can you take if you were full capacity? How many customers can you can you handle? I think we could do 3500. Okay. Yeah. I mean like 3500 we had a,000 more customers to sell. Yeah. So you got to sell I mean in six month let's call it five months. That's 200 customers at seven customers a day. I mean you're if you get a second guy you'll be doing that right in six months. Could be me. Yeah. Could be you. Yeah. All right. So yeah that's going to be an issue because I mean do you have the cash to go buy another truck? I think I can figure out a way to get one. Okay. Yeah. So the way to do it is I I think that you could given the nature of this job, I would be looking at running like Indeed ads/craigslist. Yeah, that would just probably be the easiest thing for you to do. And then you just need to work these like it's a lead funnel, right? And so like if you're not getting people, so it'd be like like you have to think about this like as a true ad. So a lot of people try to like ward people off. It's like dude, it's an ad. It's the same thing. It's like you're gonna run an ad, you have to have a headline. It has to be appealing. The cop the body copy has to be interesting which is like hey you can work four hours or eight hours a day. The guys who work eight hours make this. The guys who work four hours do this. Instead of the other alternatives you have of like you have to be able to ask four questions to somebody at the door. Like break it down to what they're going to have to do. It's like if you can memorize four questions then you could be able to make a six-figure or multi6ig per year income as long as you're willing to be in the street. But then now do damaging admission. It's like hey sometimes it's going to be hot, sometimes it's going to be cold. That's the trade. But if you're somebody who's like just barely graduated high school, we don't care about your grades. We care about your work ethic. Yeah. Like I think that would attract plenty of people. Yeah. And so it's just add Indeed and those ones already have kind of like applicant funnels that are built into it. And so basically if we're turning off all these extra things that you're spending all this like fragmented time on, this is all you do. Yeah. You go get sales people. Yeah. And honestly all you need you need like two guys just to get this going. Yeah. That's it. That makes a lot of sense. PB offer two guys, four questions. That's it. Let's go. Yeah. I've been doing Indeed ads and but I haven't been structuring it like that. No. Exactly. It's been more just like the traditional like corporate. Yeah. But the thing is you have to think about who's responding to this. Yeah. Write it to that to the salesman, right? Cuz that's who you're trying to attract, right? Like what are all the things that you either hate about your current job or you hate about your current sales job? Both those are the pains. What are the what's the promise? you can make six figures, you know, a year or more and you can work four or eight hours a day. I'll take you on either. So, some guys will work, you know, 7 to noon or 7 to 11 and then they go to their other job by noon and they work, you know, 12 to 8 cuz they're providing for family. So, this is a great opportunity for you and then work on that immediately. Yeah. All right. So, I'll give you the the truth about this. So, for a job where someone's coming in commission only, my bar is relatively low because I'd rather give more people the opportunity to take a shot and like prove that they have work ethic rather than they have the skill of interviewing, which is a different skill. I basically would just screen for crazies. No, I'm serious. I just screen for crazies and because if you're going to do this, you're probably going to get a lot of applications. Definitely don't do one-on-one interviews. You're going to be doing group calls. So, bunch of people on 2 minutes, tell me who you are, 2 minutes, two, two minutes, 2 minutes, whatever. and then invite the ones who seem normal to your, you know, your warehouse or whatever. Meet them in person, give job offers on the spot, tell them when they can start, okay? I just don't think you have to over complicate this. And so it's like, cool, what we're going to do is we're going to do shatter for a week and then we're going to break you off in twos and then that's it. Like you're good to go. And the thing is here is like if you wanted to like this is this is me talking about how you aggressively scale sales like you need like two guys. So like get on a group call, talk to a bunch of them, the guy who seems cool and normal and hardworking. Invite two or three of those guys out because a bunch of them aren't going to aren't going to last, right? Because it is door to door and there are there is some risk there. And so like maybe it's hire five to get one. Okay, just lower the bar. Like you're not looking for somebody to cure cancer here. You need someone to ask four questions and be able to fill a four. Yeah, definitely. Cuz I mean like I said me, I'm not like the best salesman in the world, but I can go up there and sell. Sure. But the thing is you seem trustworthy. You think so? Yeah. Okay. So, and you're also the business owner, so it's like I think that's a big course. You have star power. So, but with them though, I think what the the one thing that I'm looking for is hunger. Yeah. And so, I think that'll typically skew to either young single guys who are just like really hungry and like go-getters or people who just are about to have like a kid on the way like you are. You're more hungry now than you probably were. Right. Cuz you're like cuz you have to be. Yes. It's like, you know why married married men with kids make more money than guys who are single without being married and don't have kids? Because they have to. That's why they make more money. I mean, yeah. So, the they literally choose to make more money because they have no other choice. Yeah. That's definitely how I feel. Yeah. Right. And so, you're doing it. So, basically like I just look for someone's circumstances of like why do they need this? If someone's like hungry, then I'm especially in a job like this, this is so work ethic driven. They're not going to run out of houses. Yeah, for sure. Right. So, would you say I should just not do any more door to door and just train the guys? Well, I think you I mean, you're going to be doing door to door in the training. Okay. Yeah. So, your sales isn't going to go down. You're just going to have more people so you can duplicate it, right? Okay. Makes sense. Two birds in stone. Yep. Basically, as far as I'm concerned, I want you to keep doing doortodoor because if you've got your guy and you've got you, you got to start doing 10 10 deals a day. Just you two. You're at 300 a month. You need in three months you're at your thousand. forget everything else. In three months, you're thousand. Yeah. Right. But as far as you're concerned, I don't think you should ever do something alone. Okay. So, you have this skill set. You should have somebody always watching you so that you're basically you're getting you're getting two birds one stone, right? You're getting you're double dipping on effort. So, someone's always with you because you're the lead salesperson and they're learning until eventually somebody else is the best salesperson. You pass out. you you know you step back Homer Simpson style into the bushes and then they they slide up and then they become lead trainer and if you want you say hey I'll give you 60 bucks a sale instead of 50 because it's a little hard to have somebody else with you right makes a lot of sense easy yeah cool I feel like this is it so let's let's do a quick recap here let's do a quick recap and we'll prioritize it but it's going to be an easy list simple not easy how about that all right so make it blue for you Michael All right I know Michael really wanted the blue. He's like, "All right, so the first thing we're going to do is we made the decision to go scatter as our avatar." All right, so that's decision number one, which we just did instantly, but there we go. Number two is we switched our offer. So we have now an AB offer for offer for 3 months free. And so offer A is going to be 189. and then 60 per month after that. And then offer B is 360 free bin. That's our deal. Yep. Three Indads. I'd also hit up your network. You only need a couple, right? Indeed ads into group call. Or you can just honestly invite them all in person if you want, but sometimes people are really crazy. So, the two-minute, you know, call in person and then tag along and role playing until your eyes bleed. And the nice thing is that basically uh document demon duplicate is the process that we use. And so, like the document is like you have the script, they memorize it. While you're walking between doors, you're just like you're you're role playing it back and forth. What do you say? What do you say? What do you say? Yeah. Demonstrate. You do it in front of them. Hey, watch me follow the script. Watch me close deals. Now, duplicate, you knock, I'll be here, I'll ride shotgun and I'll watch you do it. So, you can give immediate feedback. Okay, that's it. And then in terms of [Music] I mean, what like what's the what's the outcome of this? The outcome of all of this is that your cash flow positive and babies have food. Smiley face. Yeah. Yeah. Feel better? Does this feel clear? It does. Yeah. That's it. Yeah. Give me instructions and I'll go. That's it. That's all you have to do. And the nice thing is one and two is instant. Yeah. You literally just have to do this, right? Go hire five more sales guys. I think this is the this is the play. Yeah, I think so too. Doesn't this feel like like the noise in the world? Like quiet. I think I was doing way too much. Of course you were doing way too much. I think I was like you two different avatars and five different acquisition processes. Yeah. when there's just one that if we just did this well Yeah. we can solve the cash flow issue and we can hit your hit your extra thousand in the next like 90 days. Yeah. It's a quarter. It's nothing. Mhm. Feel good. Thank you. Appreciate it. No, man. I told you we we'd get through it. Yeah. And so, Philip, I'm rooting for you. If you enjoyed this and you want to see a different business that went from negative to positive in one conversation, check out this conversation with Alexar. He's a legal person who does legal things for musicians so that they can get contracts and incorporated and whatever musicians do to make